---
title: 'Impression corner: ROLL OVER AND DIE: I Will Fight for an Ordinary Life with My Love and Cursed Sword!'
description: 'My thoughts so far after getting caught up with the novels'
publishedAt: 17-07-2022
---

# Impression corner: ROLL OVER AND DIE: I Will Fight for an Ordinary Life with My Love and Cursed Sword!
I guess I'll be sharing my thoughts here on stuff I'm reading. I decided to
give this series a try after randomly saw the adapted manga version and see the
yuri tag on it. I'm by no means a reviewer, a critique nor am I trying to be or
act like one, but rather just trying to share my thoughts and experience of the
medium I've consumed

And it surely delivered: a lot of gay, action and gore. Usually with the
fantasy genre nowadays I see a lot of LNs that base all the strength and power
system off of stats like a RPG game and honestly I'm not a biggest fan of it,
and it's unfortunately the case with this one. Not like it's a bad element, I'm
just not crazy on it. To this day I still think when it comes to that, the
series that did it the best is Overlord and nothing else comes even close.
Maybe I'm too spoiled because that was the first series that I came across with
that model. Though in the end that's the only low point for me when I'm reading
through the volumes, it was a really good experience. The action is really gory
and it's not gore just for the sake of gore, and I do appreciate it as you
don't often stumble upon gory yuri series I guess.

Overall if you're looking for action and are not afraid of events turning
graphic, give this one a try. I was pleasantly surprised as I initially didn't
think much about action and fantasy genres in general.

## Media
- Follow the author's [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kiki_lily17)
- [Web Novel](https://mypage.syosetu.com/1011435/)
- [Light Novel + Manga](https://gcnovels.jp/omaegotokiga/)
